[CHOBK-202/CHOBK-336] Updated Checkout Pro and Wallet Brick documentations (#2)
icaldana/sdk-js: API/checkout-pro.md

| ----------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `wallet`          | _string_ | Defines the checkout experience. This value is fixed.                      |
| `<DOM_CONTAINER>` | _string_ | The identifier of the element where the payment button should be displayed |
| `settings`        | _object_ | Include additional configurations such as `initialization` options         |

## Checkout

```javascript
mercadopago.bricks().create("wallet", "<DOM_CONTAINER>", {
  initialization: {
    preferenceId: "<PREFERENCE_ID>",
  },
});
```

> Returns: `Promise<CONTROLLER>`. [See more](#rendering-the-checkout)

### Parameters

| Option name      | Type     | Attributes               | Description                  |              |
| ---------------- | -------- | ------------------------ | ---------------------------- | ------------ |
| `initialization` | _object_ | `preferenceId`: _string_ | Payment preference           | **REQUIRED** |
| `initialization` | _object_ | `redirectMode`: _string_ | Customize the opening schema | **OPTIONAL** |

#### Opening scheme

> The are three ways to open the checkout experience: redirect on the same tab, which is the default, redirecting to a new tab or using a modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three ways to open the checkout experience: redirect on the same tab, which is the default, redirecting to a new tab or using a modal.
```

# Checkout PRO

## Initializing the Checkout

To initialize the checkout you need to call the `.bricks` function from the SDK along with some options.

## Checkout

```javascript
mercadopago.bricks(checkoutParams);
```

### Parameters

| Option name      | Type     | Attributes               | Description                  |              |
| ---------------- | -------- | ------------------------ | ---------------------------- | ------------ |
| `initialization` | _object_ | `preferenceId`: _string_ | Payment preference           | **REQUIRED** |

> | `initialization` | _object_ | `redirectMode`: _string_ | Customize the opening schema | **OPTIONAL** |

Reviewer: na verdade, olhando a PR do Gui agora, o redirectMode fica dentro de `customization` https://github.com/mercadolibre/fury_op-checkout-bricks/pull/454

Author: Estou confirmando isso com ele, valeu!

| `redirectMode` | `self`  | [**Default**] Keeps the redirect on the same page |
| `redirectMode` | `blank` | Makes the redirect to a new page                  |
| `redirectMode` | `modal` | Opens the checkout experience in modal mode       |

### Additional configurations

You can pass some other configurations as params to the `.bricks()` function:

#### The `customization` object

##### `customization.checkout.theme` | _object_ | **OPTIONAL** : Visual customization data.

| Option name     | Type     | Description                                     |
| --------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `elementsColor` | _string_ | Checkout elements color (e.g., buttons, labels) |
| `headerColor`   | _string_ | Color for the checkout header                   |

##### `customization.texts` | _object_ | **OPTIONAL** : Display alternative labels on button

| Option name | Type     | Description                         |
| ----------- | -------- | ----------------------------------- |
| `action`    | _string_ | Checkout button label               |
| `valueProp` | _string_ | Displayed below the checkout button |

> The alternative values, which are optional, replaces what it defined by default. To check what the alternative values are, plesse check the [Developers site](https://www.mercadopago.com.br/developers/pt/docs/checkout-pro/landing)

Reviewer: Acho que a frase ficaria um pouco mais clara assim, além de corrigir o "plesse"

```suggestion
The alternative values, which are optional, override the default. To check alternatives values, see the [Developers site](https://www.mercadopago.com.br/developers/pt/docs/checkout-pro/landing)
```

Author: Bem melhor, valeu!

##### `customization.visual` | _object_ | **OPTIONAL** : Change button's apperance and style

| Option name         | Type     | Description                         |
| ------------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------- |
| `buttonBackground`  | _string_ | Checkout button label               |
| `buttonHeight`      | _string_ | Displayed below the checkout button |
| `borderRadius`      | _string_ | Checkout button label               |
| `valuePropColor`    | _string_ | Displayed below the checkout button |
| `verticalPadding`   | _string_ | Checkout button label               |

> | `horizontalPadding` | _string_ | Displayed below the checkout button |

Reviewer 2: Essas descrições ficaram um pouco incompreensíveis para mim, por exemplo, a descrição de `buttonHeight` fala que é exibido abaixo do botão, como assim? Eu interpreto como esse height funcionasse igual a um `margin-bottom`

> The alternative values, which are optional, replaces what it defined by default. To check what the alternative values are, plesse check the [Developers site](https://www.mercadopago.com.br/developers/pt/docs/checkout-pro/landing)

Reviewer: Aqui é o mesmo do comentário anterior. Caso ache melhor manter a frase como está, corrigir apenas o "plesse"

#### The `callbacks` object

##### `callbacks` | _object_ | **OPTIONAL** : Auxiliary lifecycle callbacks.

| Callback key | Description                                            |              |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------ | ------------ |

> | `onSubmit`   | It is called when the user clicks on the button        | **OPTIONAL** |

Reviewer: aqui acho que poderia especificar "clicks the submit button"

| `onReady`    | It is called when the button finishes loading.         | **OPTIONAL** |
| `onError`    | It is called when there is an error in the integration | **OPTIONAL** |

#### Rendering the Checkout

##### mercadopago.bricks.`render()`

> Renders the Checkout Button on a given container. This button has the trigger to open the checkout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renders the Checkout Button in a given container. This button has the trigger to open the checkout.
```

Parameters

| Option name | Type     | Description                                    | Value    |
| ----------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `container` | _string_ | Selector (id, class) for the container element | -        |
| `label`     | _string_ | Label for the checkout trigger button          | "wallet" |

##### mercadopago.checkout.`unmount()`

> Manually unmounts the the opened iframe element. It can be used to generate a new integration instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Manually unmounts the opened iframe element. It can be used to generate a new integration instance.
```
